			freeVikings legend
		----------------------------------

A small village on the coast somewhere in Norway. Early in the morning.

"Please! Please! Help us! A disaster!" A lot of voices. Some of them are 
crying. The sleepy village wakes up slowly.
"What's the matter?" the oldest woman in the village, Gerd, an old blind
witch, is going out of her cottage. She can see a lot of women and children
standing on the square between the cottages. They are all very sad and
frightened.
"What's the matter? How can I help you? Why are you all crying here?
Why are you comming so early?"
"All the men from our village have disappeared during the night. Somebody
or something has stolen them all. Please, help us to find them. Or protect
us with your magic. We're afraid the 'something' will return and get us
too. We don't want to be eaten..."
Gerd knitted her brows. After a long break she answered.
"I wasn't sleeping well this night. I was looking into my magical pail and
I saw a horrible thing. It was a langskip made all from the steel.
It was flying over our land. I thing this steel langskip stole your husbands
and fathers. But I can't help you. It was too big and too strength,
I wouldn't be able to catch it or to destroy it. I'm sorry."
"But you are a witch! You can do anything! You have your magic! Please!
Help us!"
"My magic is able to heal your injuries or to call the wind, but not to catch
metal boats. All my life is connected with the Nature and with women, not 
with the men, their boats, swords and silly wars. And this was the biggest
war boat I have ever seen."

"Good morning, Gerd!" Olaf the Stout, an old man well known for his bottomless
stomach, is joining the growing crowd of on-lookers. "What's the matter?"
"At night all the men from Swik were kidnapped by a large steel flying
langskip."
"Oh, Gerd! It must be Tomator again!"
"Who?"
"Tomator! A terrible man from the Space. When I was young, he once took me 
from my bed into his flying boat. And he also took my friends, Baleog 
the Fierce and Erik the Swift. We managed to escape and I don't want to see
him any more."
"Oh! I have always thought it was your beer-made fairy-tail!"
"But it isn't."
"What do you think we should do?"
"Nothing. Don't try to see Tomator. He's really evil, he would kidnap us all."
"Olaf! Thor hears you! You are no warior, you are a coward!"

It thunders.
"THIS IS VOICE OF THOR, THE VIKINGS' GOD OF THUNDER!
OLAF THE COWARD, I'M REALLY ANGRY WITH YOU! GO AND KILL THAT TOMATOR.
FREE THE MEN FROM SWIK.
OR DO YOU WANT ME TO KILL YOU BY A LIGHTENING?"

"Please, Thor! Don't want me to return to Tomator! I'm an old man! I would
like to die on the Earth, not on the deck of the steel langskip!"
"Father, stop crying. Stay at home, me and my friends will go, find Tomator
and free the wariors kidnapped from Swik." Olaf Olafsson says to his
father.
"Yes, and we'll become heroes! Songs, poems and fairy-tales will be written
about us!" says Baleog Baleogsson, Olaf's best friend.
"Yes. Gerd, give us your blessing. We're going now."

Three young viking friends, Olaf Olafsson, Baleog Baleogsson and Erik Eriksson
started their way to Tomator, the Space pirate.
They didn't know where to go, but they were sure there is a way to him.
And to the kidnapped friends from Swik.
